Update of public doc - path filters (#13291)
MicrosoftDocs/vsts-docs: docs/repos/git/branch-policies.md

- [How can I configure multiple users as required reviewers, but require only one of them to approve?](#how-can-i-configure-multiple-users-as-required-reviewers-but-require-only-one-of-them-to-approve)
- [I have bypass policy permissions. Why do I still see policy failures in the pull request status?](#i-have-bypass-policy-permissions-why-do-i-still-see-policy-failures-in-the-pull-request-status)
- [Why can't I complete my own pull requests when "Allow requestors to approve their own changes" is set?](#why-cant-i-complete-my-own-pull-requests-when-allow-requestors-to-approve-their-own-changes-is-set)

> - [What will happen when path in path filters does start neither with `/` nor with wildcard?](#What-will-happen-when-path-in-path-filters-does-start-neither-with--nor-with-wildcard)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [What happens when path in path filters start neither with `/` nor with wildcard?](#What-happens-when-path-in-path-filters-start-neither-with--nor-with-wildcard)

```
